hey guys my name is Kim I'm a jewelry
maker I have an Etsy shop called dead
resin and I'm making this video today to
talk about some recent jewelry I made
inspired by the swamp family if you
don't know what the swamp family is
you'll have to check out graveyard girls
YouTube channel basically how I
interpret the swamp family is just this
way that bunny identifies with all of
her followers she makes a lot of jokes
in her videos saying like this is how we
do it on the swamp and maybe she
actually lives in a swamp like area I
believe or used to or something like
that so there is actually some
authenticity to it but anyways a few
months ago I discovered graveyard girls
YouTube channel because someone
commented my Instagram saying graveyard
girl would love your jewelry and at
first I was just flattered but then I
got curious and I checked out graveyard
girl and wanted to find out more about
her and I started watching her Channel
and I totally fell in love with it she's
just so energetic and entertaining and
hilarious and has so much personality so
once I discovered graveyard girl and
became an avid subscriber just like many
of you are I became a huge fan I decided
I wanted to send her some jewelry but
within my current inventory I didn't
really have anything that I thought was
like graveyard girls style I didn't
think there I didn't have anything that
like called her name so it wasn't until
December when my dad for my birthday
brought me some real alligator teeth
from the Everglades
now the backstory behind that is that my
dad works for the National Park Service
so he was down in the Everglades
supervising a construction project that
his job is to make sure that the
construction doesn't interfere with the
local ecosystem in the local environment
and it doesn't affect any animals
natural habitats which includes
alligators which is awesome when he was
in the parks he said he would just be
walking around and he would see an
alligator like you know a couple of
yards away and apparently they don't
feel threatened by you unless you
like a certain number of feet from them
and I think it's like 13 feet is like
the danger zone but if you're more than
13 feet away from them they like don't
consider you a threat and they're just
they're cool with you and they'll leave
you alone so of course when my dad
brought me these alligator teeth I was
like this is perfect this is what I'm
gonna make for bunny I'm gonna make her
a necklace or something using these
alligator teeth so I invested in some
bronze medals and necklace chains and
stuff and I also got some bronze wings
and I'll show you guys a close up of
these necklaces in a second since bunny
says subscribe and give an alligator its
wings I figured it would be perfect to
put an alligator tooth and some little
wings on these necklaces so I just sent
one of these necklaces to bunny so
hopefully she likes it hopefully she'll
wear it if not you know hopefully it's
the thought that counts I only have five
of these and I did keep one for myself
because you know my dad bought me these
teeth so I figured I better keep one for
myself so that he still feels like it
was a gift to me but I have three
available for sale in my shop all the
teeth are slightly different shaped
slightly different sizes and another
thing that was really cool was that the
alligator teeth came with these little
fact sheets and I'm so stupid and I
forgot to send this fact sheet with the
necklace I sent to bunny and I wrote
about it in the letter I wrote to her I
was like there's all these facts about
alligators and you're gonna think it's
so cool and then I didn't send this so
that's part of the reason why I'm making
this videos so I can actually share
these cool facts about alligators which
I'm almost more interested in what I
learned about alligators than I am the
actual necklaces here are all of these
interesting Gator facts how big do they
get up to 15 feet most stop growing at
12 feet the biggest Gator measured by
scientist was 19 feet 2 inches in
Louisiana in 1896 Wow
Gator teeth are hollow they grow new
teeth inside the outer tooth when the
new tooth gets big enough the outer
tooth is shed like us
skin' so by the way these teeth are
totally humane because they were just
shed like old skin and I'm sure it's
like not even that rare to find
alligator teeth out in the Everglades so
don't worry no alligators were killed
and actually given their wings in heaven
in order to make these necklaces so rest
assured oh and it says under the fact
about the teeth it says keep some ready
for action
apparently alligators also used to be
endangered but are not anymore there are
over a million healthy Gators in Florida
alone and a lot more in Louisiana and
other southern states Native American
Indians used to wear Gator teeth to
bring them good health and protect them
from harm so this is another really cool
fact that I like because it sort of
gives more of a spiritual aspect to
these necklaces I don't really believe
in that kind of stuff but for me more
than anything it's just a cool way to
identify myself as this one family
member and if anyone ever asks like hey
what's that alligator tooth necklace all
about I can talk about graveyard girl
and how I'd spend my nights watching her
youtube channel I think that's it for
this video I want to keep this pretty
short I'll leave the link in the
description to my Etsy shop if you're
interested in one of these necklaces
dead resin etsy.com
i think is like the shortest URL you can
type in to get there again there's only
three of these so they might go fast and
they look kind of me one-of-a-kind
necklaces and who knows if you guys
really like these maybe I'll make some
more I am thinking about making more
videos and starting a YouTube channel
that can hopefully get successful so if
you want to stick around maybe I'll make
some craft tutorials or jewelry
tutorials or I might review some movies
um I don't know random stuff but thanks
for watching and thanks for listening to
me ramble about my jewelry yay bye